=head1 PerlFu

A Centralized Perl Knowledgebase

Devin Austin

L<dhoss@cpan.org>

=head1 What is PerlFu?


=item A Perl knowledgebase that indexes information from reliable sources

=over 

=item *

blogs.perl.org

=item *

module docs (L<http://metacpan.org>)

=item *

Perlmonks

=item *

stackoverflow

=item *

user submitted data


=back

=head1 What is PerlFu? (cont'd)


=item *

Threaded forums

=over

=item *

Stackoverflow and Perlmonks already have this!

=over

=item *

Perlmonks == slow, bogged down, shitty search

=item * 

Stackoverflow is an alright thing.  It could be narrowed down to a much more focused scope.

=back



=back

=head1 What is PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item *

Favorites

=over

=item * 

Bookmark your favorite documentation, code, code snippets, modules (using metacpan), documentation, and be able to search them


=item *

Useful because I personally can't sift throught my Chrome bookmarks efficiently

=back


=head1 What is PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item Recipes for:

=over

=item * 

Catalyst application deployment

=over

=item *

the advent of Plack has helped this a whole hell of a lot, but frankly I find the Catalyst Wiki a bit like trying to hit a fly with a brick. 

=item *

From across the room.

=item * 

Drunk. (no slight towards MojoMojo intended)


=back

=back

=head1 What is PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item Catalyst Advent Calendar

=over

=item *

Though retired, it still contains a whole lot of relevant and good information.

=item * 

DBIx::Class Intricacies

=over

=item *

This ORM is a beautiful thing, and I'm indebted for life to mst for creating something that allows me to not have to have the slightest clue what I'm doing in SQL and still get things done. However, the rabbit hole goes deep, and I want to add a map to the goodies.

=back

=back

=head1 What is PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item Moose Fiddlings

=over

=item *

I love Moose, and it's really done some amazing things to the Perl 5 world, but I just can't keep all of it in my head.  See above about goodies.

=back

=head1 What is PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item Overall

=over

=item *

Create a general index of reliable Perl knowledge.

=item *

Allow users to create a subset of this knowledgebase of their own.

=back

=head1 Why do we need PerlFu?

=item Have you *tried* Googling for Perl information (ever)?


=item 

G<images/PERL-tutorial.png>

=head1 Why do we need PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item A huge percentage of them are:

=over

=item *

Out of date

=item *

Propogating bad practices

=item *

Almost never refer to Modern Perl

=back

=head1 Why do we need PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item Finding things is hard

=over

=item *

"Does Moose method delegation in attributes take an arrayref, or a hashref?" - this is no slight at the Moose documentation, it's awesome. 

=item *

"If I want to get ahold of the connection info from a DBIx::Class ResultSet object, how would I do that?"


=over

=item *

unless you're on irc.perl.org#dbix-class

=over

=item *

which is fine, but mst/ribasushi/Caelum/frew/et al have better things to do than hold my hand (gphat and jshirley are exempt here)

=back

=back

=back

=head1 Why do we need PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item I want to have a quick reference to things I use often

=over

=item *

I want it to be easy

=item *

I want it to be fast

=back

=head1 Why do we need PerlFu? (cont'd)

=item A common knowledgebase

=over

=item *

would allow people that know what they're doing in the pertinent IRC channels and mailing lists to point people with queries to something that explains things in full, or at least so that the explainer doesn't have to repeat themselves to each person that asks said question. 

=item *

DRY is a good thing.

=back

=head1 Is PerlFu available for use right now?

=item No.

=over

=item *

But it will be!

=over

=item *

Code is up on github (https://github.com/dhoss/PerlFu)

=item * 

And IRC (irc.perl.org/#perlfu)

=item *

And beta will be (back) up soon: L<beta.perlfu.org>


=item *

Please bear in mind I am trying to level up in Skyrim so I can forge Dragon Armor.  And I just installed Jedi Knight 2: Jedi Outcast.  And Knights of the Old Republic.  And I have a job.

=back

=back

=head1 This sounds cool!

=item I know.

=head1 How do I get involved?

=over

=item *

Fork the project  

=item * 

Read the TODO

=item *

Hack

=item *

Push, make a pull request.                                                         

=back

=head1 What does PerlFu use?

=over

=item *

Perl

=over

=item *

Moose, Catalyst, DBIx::Class, Template::Xslate, PSGI+starman, XML::LibXML::Reader, XML::SAX::ExpatXS


=back

=item *

PostgreSQL


=over 

=item *

tsearch, recursive queries, and a fucking fuckload of data.


=back

=back

=head1 Questions?

=head1 FIN
